Directory descriptions:

BoxInfo  - goes through an Enzo AMR hierarchy and calcualtes a bunch of 
	   statistics about the box.

EnzoDSR  - Example enzo dataset reader.  This was originally for Gabe, but
           is useful for people who need to modify Enzo datasets.

EnzoExtract64  - 64-bit position information cube extraction tool.

GetDenPeak64  - finds the (x,y,z) position of maximum baryon and dark matter
                density in an enzo simulation volume

GetH2Frac  - given some information about halo positions and masses, this goes
             through and calculates the mean H2 fraction in each halo.  This is
             not all that useful for our current project, but can be modified 
             to do useful things.

ProjPosns  - given root grid size, desired image size, and position information
             this will calculate the projection regions and some other info, and
             output it in a batch script format such that enzoproj is called.

batch_scripts  - example batch scripts.  Generally csh.

example_hdf_reader  - reads in a bunch of enzo dataset cubes and converts
                      everything to CGS.  Again, this is not meant to be useful
                      for anything specific, but it's handy to have around for
                      reference.

idl_scripts  - some useful (and semi-useful) IDL scripts.

star_analysis  - the two star analysis programs from before.  See README files
                 for descriptions.

UnigridTools  - these are some useful tools for unigrid datasets (NOT AMR DATASETS)
                and are intended to be examples.

MeanOD - AMR code to calculate mean overdensities for all cells within a given radius
           of a given position (radii calculated as multiples of the virial radius)
           (BWO, 16 June 2006)

DensVar - calculates variance in density of a region in a simulation (BWO, 16 June 2006)

Raven - HippoDraw tool to make slices, projections, and two- and three-phase
        diagrams.  Can also grab the data and output to text.
